Program 1: Attendance (moon)
    Summary: The attendance function is meant to allow a teacher to set up to any number of classes, and put students in each and manage attendance, status, location, and details for them all.

    Plan: Allow the user to customise a classroom first with a layout of desks and table members, and customize details for each student
    Allow the user to type in types of attendance per day, such as unexcused absence, present, and tardy per student by inputting in values
    Allow the user to view the details of a certain student by using the view function followed by a student's value or name
    Allow the user to edit the details of a certain student by using the edit function followed by the day to change and the student name/value
    Allow the user to input a new student's details by inputting their student's name and location in the classroom per day
    Allow the user to edit a student's details by inputting their student's name and the detail which they choose to change
    Allow the user to edit a student's location by inputting their student's name, current location, and new location
    Allow the user to remove or expel a student if they choose to do so by inputting the student's name and confirming
    Allow the teacher to add holiday days if they choose to do so and mark the day off

    All above actions involve creating a new type of function, which can be called depending on what the user chooses to input as action on the main function
    The teacher will go through three main functions; one to input the class details, one to edit the details per student per class per day, and one to check details at the end of a six-week period
    After one of these main functions has been completed, it cannot be rerun, but the details which have been set during the function can be changed if another function allows it.

    For the numbers, see the wiki (attendance_wiki), gives details for all of them and their functions if not given here

    Layers of Access:
    Phase 1 (1):
        Set Classroom (2)
            Set students per grid (input grid location, then input student)
        Set initial student details (3)
            Create notes per kid (including name, personal information, special information, etc.)

    Phase 2:
        Day (cannot go backwards)
            Classes (can exit and enter a class, three in total) (x3)
                Edit student attendance (4)
                Edit student attendance en masse (5)
                Edit student attendance from another day (6)
                Edit student location in class (7)
                Edit student status (enrolled, un-enrolled, suspended, expelled) (8)
                Edit student details (grades, name, personal information, special information, etc.) (9)
                View student details, location, attendance, etc. (10, 11)
                View classroom details and layout en masse (12)
                View average statistics and total statistics per class (13)
                Exit class (14)
            Move past day (cannot be reversed, will involve an "are you sure?") (15)
            Set Holiday (sets the day as a holiday) (16)
            Close class early (17)

    Phase 3:
        View Details of each student, and attendance (10, 11)
        View average statistics and total statistics per class (13)
        Close classes one by one (17)


Program 2:

Program 3: Notes (eric)
    Plan: Allow the user to track teacher notes for students (5). Across 3 classes over the course of 6 weeks.  
    Allow the user to enter daily notes, edit and view.
    Allow the user to sharing notes (via link).
    Allow the user to see a calendar which notes were taken for each date.
    Allow the user to mark the students which had no notes.
    Allow the user to check previous notes from any day from the calendar.